All right we have our coffee table here we can come down here and choose viewport shading texture or
we can just press alt Z and we can see our texture Now I like what's going on up here on the top of
it that looks sufficiently gross but I feel like the grunge is a little bit too heavy here.
However I'm not going to change it quite yet.
We could go into Photoshop and reduce the opacity of the grunge and bring it back in.
And just like we did before remove the texture out of the texture node and then reopen it.
But if we export the file directly into unity they will update automatically.
So let's try that.
What I'm do is go to Unity first and I'll drag in those textures.
So let me go to my finder here and let's find those textures that we just created for the coffee table.
And here they are here's the color map with the underscore see and the color map here.
Let's drag those into the assets folder.
Now let's take them straight into the textures.
Let's do that.
All right.
So here they are coffee table top coffee table.
Would I go back to blender and let's export this out as an FDX.
Now before we do let's take a look at the size of the object and it's a little big.
Of course that's OK I'll select that with that pivot point down on the grid on the floor.
I can now scale this down a bit.
And let's move it over and see how it fits in front of the couch.
What do you think of that is it too big.
I feel like it may be still a little too big here.
So it's scale it down a bit more.
Let's take a look at that.
What do you think.
I mean the three key the five key and the Z key.
And let's take a look at it here I feel like it maybe needs to come down a little bit more kind of to
the edge of the couch cushions something like that.
Let's try that.
Hit that Z key again the five key again to get a perspective view and well let's run around and see
how it feels.
I'll press shift F and then tab and that'll drop me down to the floor.
And now I can use the WASC keys and run around.
Let's see how it feels and think that feels pretty good.
I think that looks OK.
All right so I'll hit escape.
Now we can export this out with RFB x x border.
And as I mentioned we can of course drag blend files Blendr seen files here like this.
Apartment 0 6 blend into unity and it'll import just fine.
It will open up Blendr in the background.
Use Blender's FDX export or convert it to an FBI X and then pop it in the assets folder and that's fine.
But that's going to bring everything and we won't be able to split them out unless we move that FDX
file into the hierarchy.
Then we can split it out once it's actually in the scene.
But I'd like to have control over each individual object.
So now that we've scaled it down to the proper size we can see that our scale over here is point 3 5
9.
Let's go ahead and press control a and apply our transforms for the scale and now we've got scale at
1.
So now let's go ahead and export this out using our FDX export or we'll go to a file export FDX let's
be sure and choose selected objects and I am going to choose my Unity project this time instead of taking
it into that exports folder.
I'm going to export this directly into the unity project so I'll go into that unity project folder go
into the assets folder and we'll call this coffee table.
FDX and I'll export and there we go.
Now if I go back to unity and look in the assets folder we can see that the coffee table is right here
and it's put our coffee table materials right in here in the materials folder.
So even though it's all one object the multiple materials have come through as individual materials
in unity.
All right.
So let's take it and drag it into the hierarchy.
It's going to drop in right where we left it.
I'll hit the F key to zoom in and frame it up.
And now we have our coffee table so let's put our textures on it now we have our materials over here.
So for the wood here it is.
I will come into the textures folder that's like our coffee table again and I'll drag the word texture
mapping to here and take that color and drag it to pure white and now I'll open up that coffee table
top let's take that to pure white and take that coffee table top texture and drop that in as well.
So now we've got our textured object.
But remember I said I'm not real fond of that grunge man being quite that dark.
So let's go into Photoshop again and let's reduce the opacity of that.
Here we are.
Take that grunge map and we've got an opacity of thirty nine.
I'll take it down.
I don't know maybe down to 20 something like that.
So it isn't quite as pronounced now that we've done that.
Let's go ahead and save it out again.
And export.
But this time put it directly in the unity project so instead of putting it here I'll go ahead and code
of the unity project.
And of the assets folder and the textures folder and I'll choose that coffee table would underscore
see and export and replace.
Now instead of having to go into blender to see how the update looks and cancel out of the texture and
then reopen the texture.
If we go back to unity it's just done it for us.
So now we can see that the grunge on the coffee table isn't quite so pronounced.
Now to keep things a little more tidy I will come back to the assets folder and just take this coffee
table object and drag it into the model's folder.
And here we go and I can hit the play button here and run around and see how our table and dirty couch
look so far.
Yeah right.
So we've gone through now several ways of importing our objects with differing ways of organizing our
materials.
We've brought in the couch as two different objects the fabric and the wood legs we've brought in the
walls as all one object each with multiple materials on the single object.
But everything all in one U-V map.
And then we've brought in our coffee table here with everything in one object.
Multiple materials on that one object but individual optimized U-V maps for each of the materials.
So you may have heard me say this before and other courses but I think it's worth saying again and it
took me a while for this to actually sink in.
So materials are applied to objects and textures are assigned to materials.
So you can have multiple materials per object but each material is going to accept one texture per texture
channel like the color channel or albedo.
My point to all this is to try and get you to think about the differing ways that you can create objects
assigned materials and assign textures to your game objects because how you set up the materials and
the textures and the U.V. maps is going to affect the quality and the look of your game objects.
So we're going to be doing this more We've of course got lots of other assets to create.
But there's one more way I want to show you how we can organize our objects materials and textures.
And that is when we take an object from Blender into a program like Quick's or studio or substance painter.
You can use all of these processes for those texturing applications as well.
But there's one more that we can use for them and we'll work on that next.